# Status message
Here's a list of all status message and their meanings.

## âœ… Successful patching & validation
This is the message that will be displayed if the patching and validation process is successful

> **Note** <br>
> Tester flag must be enabled

> Status message: 0 - Successful patching & validation

> Resolution: Ignore <br>
> Example: Patching status show all patches have been applied correctly and the validation process is successful.

## âœ‹ Require manual testing of the APK to ensure all patches are applied correctly"
This is the default message that will be displayed if the patching process is successful but hasn't been validated.

> **Note** <br>
> Tester flag must be enabled

> Status message: 1 - Require manual testing of the APK to ensure all patches are applied correctly

> Resolution: Use the `validation.py` to log the result, if you have manually test the APK to ensure all patches have been applied correctly. <br>
> Example: Patching status show all patches have been applied correctly but the validation process is TBC.

## âœ‹ Skipped
This is the message that will be displayed if the patching process is skipped due to been preceded by a higher PATCH (in semantic release) version.

> Status message: 2 - Skipped

> Resolution: Ignore, or enable the experimental flag to patch all the APK regardless of PATCH (in semantic release) revision. <br>
> Example: Version 5.40.35 will be skipped if version 5.40.36 has been patched successfully.

## âŽ Unknown error
This is the message that will be displayed if the patching process is failed due to unknown error.

> Status message: 3 - Unknown error

> Resolution: Report the error to the developer. <br>
> Example: The error is not listed in the status message or is unknown to the developer.

## âŽ APK not found
This is the message that will be displayed if the patching process is failed due to the APK not found.

> Status message: 4 - APK not found

> Resolution: Make sure that you download the APK from APKMirror and place it in the `APK/Input` folder. <br>
> Example: The APK is not found in the `APK/Input` folder.

## ðŸ™… Validation failed
This is the message that will be displayed if the tester validated that APK has failed to apply all patches.

> **Note** <br>
> Tester flag must be enabled

> Status message: 5 - Validation failed

> Resolution: Ignore, or report to the respective patches repository's issue tracker about the broken patch. <br>
> Example: Tester have been manually tested the APK and found that the patch is not applied correctly.

## âœ… Patching successful
This is the message that will be displayed if the patching process is successful.

> Status message: 6 - Patching successful

> Resolution: Ignore <br>
> Example: Patching status show all patches have been applied correctly and have the disabled the tester flag.

## âŽ Patching failed
This is the message that will be displayed if the patching process is failed.

> Status message: 7 - Patching failed

> Resolution: Determine if the issue come from incompatible patch or from the program itself,
* if the issue originated from incompatible patch, report to the respective patches repository's issue tracker about the broken patch
* if the issue originated from the program itself, report to the respective program repository's issue tracker about the incorrect status message (maybe?).
> Example: Patching status show all patches have been applied correctly on all APKs except for some APK.
